In this directory are bash scripts that install particular versions of
software projects/packages, mostly from repository sources like
github.com, fetching the source files with the wget program.

These scripts are intended to be both working notes and runnable scripts.
If you use them, read them first.  These scripts are not intended to be
general package installation scripts like, for example, home brew package
scripts.  Many of these scripts install very popular and mature software
packages; but we needed more control over them than what an OS package
manager like debian APT provides.  Some are versions that are too new for
the current OS package manager to install.  And sometimes we needed to
install from source (using these scripts) just to get more debugging
capability.

All the scripts tend to use
/usr/local/encap/PACKAGE_NAME-TAG_VERSION-TRY_COUNT as an installation
prefix.  Sym-linking is left to the user to keep PATH and other
environment variables working.  We an installer of a sym-linking system we
use in ../020_root_installs/encapInstall_root

So ya, We are installing packages in the non-system /usr/local/ directory
tree.  That's what /usr/local/ is for.  But that does not mean you could
not use a users home directory, $HOME/installed/.  I have seen APT deb
packages break that rule and manage files in /usr/local/, that was
bad/wrong.

The prefix sym-linking installing "idea" is use in home brew and the Nix
package manager.  It's a very old idea.

A plus: using /usr/local/ we can install packaged without requiring root
assess.  Some thought is required to understand that...

